The course.
Philosophy.
This course was born out of the idea that we all start our software projects with the best of intentions,
but somehow we end up with software that is difficult to scale and to maintain.
It said that we don't rise to the level of our expectations, but instead we fall to the level of our
training.
This course is designed to give us the training to build software with confidence, performance and
scalability.
Completing this training and integrating it into your workflow will greatly impact the projects you
create and the quality of life for you and your team.
Your team will thank you.
Some advice to get the most out of this course.
Be active.
Watch the videos as well as doing the quizzes and the assignments in the moments the course calls for
it.
Download the source code, follow along and play with the code experiment.
Add new features and bring the theory from the course into practice within the code.
This course covers a lot of topics.
Feel free to take breaks whenever you need so that you get the most out of the material.
Do your best to pull this information toward you.
If there's concepts, topics, APIs that are mentioned that you're not familiar with, feel free to
pause the video and investigate a bit on your own, and then move forward with the course.
I'm really excited to share this information with you.
Let's get started.